The AS3 Community Maintained SWFObject
======================================

Hi, as3lang.org decided to took over the SWFObject project.

Because

> SWFObject is no longer in active development.

and

> This project is being left on GitHub for historical purposes.


and we don't think that 

> Flash Player is on the decline

at the contrary, we think that it is essential to have
a good support for a JS library to detect and embed Flash in HTML


Our reasons for that

  - Flash Player is integrated by default in the following browsers
    - Google Chrome
    - Mozilla Firefox
    - MS Edge
  - Flash Player is the only plugin which have survived the NPAPIpocalypse by providing a PPAPI version.
  - Flash Player is updated 1.5 BILLION times a month from adobe.com
  - Over 90% of personal computers have Flash Player Installed
  - The Flash Player allow to reach "11 times more people than the best-selling hardware game console"  
    source: http://www.adobe.com/products/flashruntimes/statistics.html


You can join the discussion on https://discuss.as3lang.org/


SWFObject
---------

SWFObject is a free, open-source tool for embedding swf content in websites.

This GitHub repository of SWFObject is the 2.3 beta.


Current Plan
------------

Rework and refactor the sources, automated build, documentation, etc.

Contributors welcome.


Latest Changes
--------------

SWFObject 2.3 introduces many small changes under the hood (almost exclusively aimed at fixing bugs), but the public API is mostly unchanged and completely backwards compatible with SWFObject 2.2.  The only two significant changes to the API: 

  1. You may now pass an element as an argument in embedSWF (in place of an ID)
  2. You may now use integers in place of number strings in embedSWF (e.g. 9 instead of "9").

Example:

OLD:
```javascript
swfobject.embedSWF("myContent.swf", "my-target-element", "300", "120", "10.0.0");
```

NEW:
```javascript
var el = document.getElementById("my-target-element");
swfobject.embedSWF("myContent.swf", el, 300, 120, 10);
```


Another significant change: SWFObject's approach to dynamic embedding in Internet Explorer has been updated to use a more W3C-friendly way of creating the `<object>`. Because this is Internet Explorer, a few hacks were required, but the end result is code generated by W3C techniques (`document.createElement`). This means, among other things, that nodes generated  for XHTML documents should properly self close:

OLD:
```html
<object><param></object>
```

NEW:
```html
<object><param /></object>
```

Similarly, since the `<param>` elements are all generated using the same W3C techniques, encoding flashvars should be less troublesome. Developers will no longer need to create separate flashvars encoding workflows for IE and non-IE browsers.

